MACHINE LEARNING - WORKSHEET 4

ANSWERS:-
1) A)

2) A)

3) B)

4) D)

5) C)

6) B)

7) B)

8) B)

9) Gini Index = 1 - ( 1/6 + 1/4 )^2
   Entropy = 1 (Because of only 2 classes are present )

10) Decision tree contains only trees to specify the results but Random forest contains the number of decision trees
    Chances of Overfitting the model reduces
    Complexity Reduces
    Precision of results increases
    
11) To scale a data at a one stage is very important to avoid the skewness of the data 
    If we scale a data at single stage for machine it is very easy to predict
    training time reduces due to scale a data at single stage 
    a)Sklearn.preprocessing import StandardScaler()
    b)scewness

12) It adds even more noise to the learning process than mini-batch that helps improving generalization error.
    However, this would increase the run time.
    We can’t utilize vectorization over 1 example and becomes very slow.
    Also, the variance becomes large since we only use 1 example for each learning step.

13) If you choose the wrong metric to evaluate your models, you are likely to choose a poor model, or in the worst case, 
    be misled about the expected performance of your model.
    Choosing an appropriate metric is challenging generally in applied machine learning, but is particularly difficult for imbalanced classification problems. 
    Firstly, because most of the standard metrics that are widely used assume a balanced class distribution, 
    and because typically not all classes, and therefore, not all prediction errors, are equal for imbalanced classification.




14) F1 score (also F-score or F-measure) is a measure of a test's accuracy. 
    It is calculated from the precision and recall of the test, where the precision is the number of correctly identified positive results divided by the number of all positive results, 
    including those not identified correctly, 
    and the recall is the number of correctly identified positive results divided by the number of all samples that should have been identified as positive.

15) The fit() function calculates the values of these parameters. 
    The transform function applies the values of the parameters on the actual data and gives the normalized value. 
    The fit_transform() function performs both in the same step. 
    Note that the same value is got whether we perform in 2 steps or in a single step.